[Music playing]
Oh, hey there!
I just got this letter
and I wanted to share it with you.
Sarah G. from Scottsbluff, Nebraska, asks:
Hey Uncle Cooper,
I noticed you love Cooper Tires.
What makes them so great?
Well, Sarah G. from Scottsbluff, Nebraska,
first let me say,
your powers of observation are impressive!
I am a big fan of Cooper Tires.
Second, let me ask you this:
What do you look for most in a tire?
I bet at some point in your thought process,
the word safety came to mind,
and that is one of the reasons
I love Cooper Tires so much.
I gotta be honest with you.
Tires are the four things that
keep your vehicle connected to the road.
In other words,
a lot’s riding on them...
...pun intended!
That’s why Cooper is dedicated to
making tires you can rely on mile after mile
and you could even say that
they’re obsessed with safety
in a heroic and endearing kinda way.
In fact, if you went to an amusement park
with a Cooper engineer,
I wouldn’t be surprised if she made herself
your dedicated ride buddy for the day!
Listen, they got a program
where Cooper employees
visit various schools
and educate teens on tire and safety.
They've been around for over a century.
And they’ve always made
tires you can depend on.
What more could you want?
So, Sarah G. from Scottsbluff, Nebraska,
I guess that’s the long way of saying
I love Cooper because it’s safety first,
second, and third when it comes to their tires.
And who doesn’t like the sound of that?
Go with the Coopers.